hey guys i'm here with the tmobile
blackberry curve 8520 and just going to
show you guys a few seems they're all
free in the app world and check in on
friday or saturday i'm going to be doing
a review on the virgin mobile 8530 and
let's get started okay best one right
here is butterfly cherry theme a few
slides up it's got a doc down here you
can slide it down why's this one out
here and you can put whatever apps you
want in those according to your menu
here's your menu that's what it looks
like um I like this theme it works
pretty good looks nice see here so
whatever your um you see how many you
got here so we got six there's five
there so it goes up here so this first
row and then all the way up to the media
here that's how many whatever these
first icons are so there's that's what
11 to the first 11 icons is what's going
to be in those Shores there
that's that and obviously this is an
animated theme see the butterfly on a
chariot floating on water it's gone to
the next one that are options and go to
theme is the next one this is the chimp
lick seem to the monkey there ok here it
is got the chimp licking the screen kind
of cute I mean once again you have these
drawers all three themes that i'm
showing you have the docs that slide out
and they're all free so the menu looks
like you just have the chimp wallpaper
on the background with the kind of clear
icons so that's a cute one check that
out and i'm going to show you one more
and it's right here at the vintage
butterfly right there
changed okay so this this it looks
really nice this one's cool because if
you set a picture or something it place
your wallpaper these all these like
flowers and butterflies that are moving
around here it'll act like a frame so
you'll have your picture in the middle
here and then this will be around the
picture that's kind of cool here's the
menu just got a butterfly the background
clearish icons that's really nice that's
cool let me see I don't know if I have
any pictures on here I could set to show
you I'll just use the sample picture
just so you can see so i'll put the
surfy guy here that is home screen and
there to see the pictures in the middle
and then this acts like a border or a
frame picture that's kind of cool but it
you can do that that's the three themes
I got for you today have any questions
leave it in the comments and I will get
back to I appreciate you watching please
like my video and subscribe and I'll
talk to you later I